James is a bright nag at the women could
make but my god can that man late he's
like he's like an old lady
an old lazy when someone's nicked his
biscuits
it gets aggravated he gets irate he's
always telling me off
he's like a schoolteacher okay what
happened what leg did you try to close
and lower into the other leg why is it
that like I want you to understand this
I want you to think about why is that
like myself and Denis have this ongoing
banter and I must say I'm pretty good at
banter any time you drive it's on a hill
remember I said you anytime you drive
forward that's what you are tips I yield
did I hurt it or not by heel would you
like me to play back to you she's very
quick-witted and yeah it keeps me on my
toes
she's definitely reining me in slowly
and I think the Craig will be very happy
I'll be like a little sheep by the end
of the series two and three one much
better it's so weird
dancing to a man this closely because I
think the only times I've ever really
danced with a man like this is when I've
been trying to go in for a cheeky snog
okay you're a little bit on top of me
turn my head and you're there about that
I look a little bit worried that the
choreography might take a backseat
because we do miss about quite a lot but
because James is so bothy I don't think
that will ever happen
one two three one two no out like that
right in
yeah keep your